     Driver Pass is an organization that aims to provide training to new drivers. Its owner believes that there are many companies out there that are not providing the proper training. He wants to create a system that will allow students to register for courses and manage their accounts. Through this platform, learners can take online exams and get on the road training. The owner will also have full access to their employees' and students' accounts. I was able to come up with the necessary requirements for this system successfully. The designing process is very important for creating software, and it took a bit of time to complete. I would focus on the non-functional and functional requirements of the project. This is because it is very important to the project's success, and with projects changing over time, it's hard to get it finished. I would like to make it more stable so that it doesn't get changed. Feedback from employers and students would be helpful. Before we started working on the project, I made sure that all the requirements were comprehensively covered. This will allow us to make the most of the project and avoid having to go through the entire process all at once. The client's requirements are very important, as they will determine the project's success. Without them, we would not be able to complete the project. Before I start working on the software, I would first need to gather the requirements of the system. This step would allow me to design the new features and add them to the system. Feedback would then be collected to help me analyze the system and make improvements.
